Part One: The origin story -- some first experiences on Earth, including a trip to Carcosa. The King in Yellow tries to warn them about the events in Part Two.

Part Two: Tiamat escapes from an extradimensional prison through a portal in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean near Bermuda. She creates a monstrous super-hurricane to cause a mass casualty event in order to try to pay back her debt to the Space Bankers. The Magister's agents, The Ready Men, are unable to contain Tiamat, and by the time Cat and Company are called in, the situation threatens to become overwhelming. The Magister attempts to contact the Space Bankers, and makes an offer to purchase Earth by taking over Tiamat's debt. Peter intervenes, and directly engages Tiamat. He forces her to evert fully into ordinary space-time, and she pursues him into space. Peter finally defeats Tiamat by throwing one of Saturn's moons at her and letting her stunned body fall into Saturn, where she is torn apart by the winds of Saturn. This blind-sides the Magister, who is now on the hook for Tiamat's debt -- six billion human souls.

Part Three: Humanity may have been traumatized by recent events, but this has awakened its potential. Like an immune system reacting to a pathogen, humanity begins the process of forming a defense against the aliens among us. A woman named Sylva Ransom has long had weak but reliable precognitive abilities; a dream draws her to the World of Ash, where an entity of light from the near future calls to her. She acts like a seed crystal in a supersaturated solution. Jinx and the Magister notice the process beginning, and begin to investigate. They decide to cooperate, at least in the beginning. Once the psychic focus has been fully formed, Ransom will be able to tap into the gestalt of humanity as a whole and use its psychic potential as a kind of spirit avatar of the human race. Because of her ability to see the future, this will include humanity's future potential as well, placing her on a level comparable to Peter. The King in Yellow has also noticed, and he plans to mark Ransom with the Yellow Sign and subvert her will. The Magister's Ready Men destroy the King in Yellow by finding his undead mummified body beneath Carcosa and destroying his soul's anchor to reality. Cat and Company investigate the Magister's plans for Ransom and discover that she will be kept imprisoned in a bunker and used to harvest souls from the future to play off the Magister's debt. Horrified, they abduct Sylvia and stand watch as the locus forms, and she enters a pupal state.

Part Four: Sylvia emerges as a vastly powerful angelic being of light. Cat and Company train her in using her powers, but she is free-spirited and independent. Her powers give her a natural connection to all of humanity, but this also gives her an awareness of human suffering and injustice. She becomes a benevolent but disruptive force, and Cat and Company refuse to intervene. Sylvia pursues a vendetta against the Magister, starting by freeing the Ready Men from the Magister's mechanisms of control. When it becomes clear that she plans to expose the Magister, he makes contact with the Corporation. Before their defeat, the Reyll pursued research into connections between figures from Fe Arran legend and current figures in the Corporation, with the hope of weaponizing old "gods" against the Corporation. This research gets picked up by Corporate scientists, who see a possible explanation of Peter's powers -- and possibly, a way to reproduce them.

Part Five: Deep beneath the surface of the Earth, the Magister makes contact with the Chairman of the Board of the Corporation. He has provided the Corporate researchers with crucial data to answer the question of how Peter can survive the destruction of his body. Peter has a connection to the Big Bang that provides him with an observation point that lets him manipulate matter and energy by manipulating information -- he is a Maxwell's demon, who can arbitrarily filter flows of energy and extract work from entropy. When his body is destroyed, his consciousness retreats to this point. The Chairman informs the Magister that their attempt to create another, similar link appears to have failed. (To be continued...)

